 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: <module>
<string>(1):  --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: test
execution_path.py(52):             server = Server()
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: __init__
execution_path.py(9):         self.white_list = []
execution_path.py(10):         self.send_struct = {}
execution_path.py(11):         self.receive_struct = {}
execution_path.py(53):             server.add_white_list(88)
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: add_white_list
execution_path.py(14):         if addr in self.white_list:
execution_path.py(17):             self.white_list.append(addr)
execution_path.py(18):             return self.white_list
execution_path.py(54):             server.add_white_list(11)
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: add_white_list
execution_path.py(14):         if addr in self.white_list:
execution_path.py(17):             self.white_list.append(addr)
execution_path.py(18):             return self.white_list
execution_path.py(55):             server.add_white_list(22)
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: add_white_list
execution_path.py(14):         if addr in self.white_list:
execution_path.py(17):             self.white_list.append(addr)
execution_path.py(18):             return self.white_list
execution_path.py(56):             return server.add_white_list(22)
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: add_white_list
execution_path.py(14):         if addr in self.white_list:
execution_path.py(15):             return False
