 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: <module>
<string>(1):  --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: test
execution_path.py(32):             account1 = BankAccount()
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: __init__
execution_path.py(8):         self.balance = balance
execution_path.py(33):             account2 = BankAccount()
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: __init__
execution_path.py(8):         self.balance = balance
execution_path.py(34):             account1.balance = 500
execution_path.py(35):             account2.balance = 1000
execution_path.py(36):             account1.transfer(account2, 500)
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: transfer
execution_path.py(28):         self.withdraw(amount)
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: withdraw
execution_path.py(17):         if amount < 0:
execution_path.py(19):         if amount > self.balance:
execution_path.py(21):         self.balance -= amount
execution_path.py(22):         return self.balance
execution_path.py(29):         other_account.deposit(amount)
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: deposit
execution_path.py(11):         if amount < 0:
execution_path.py(13):         self.balance += amount
execution_path.py(14):         return self.balance
execution_path.py(37):             return account1.view_balance(),account2.view_balance()
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: view_balance
execution_path.py(25):         return self.balance
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: view_balance
execution_path.py(25):         return self.balance
