 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: <module>
<string>(1):  --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: test
execution_path.py(59):             hr_system = HRManagementSystem()
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: __init__
execution_path.py(8):         self.employees = {}
execution_path.py(60):             return hr_system.add_employee(1, 'John Doe', 'Manager', 'HR', 5000),hr_system.add_employee(2, 'John Doe', 'Manager', 'HR', 5000),hr_system.add_employee(1, 'John Doe', 'Manager', 'HR', 5000),hr_system.employees
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: add_employee
execution_path.py(11):         if employee_id in self.employees:
execution_path.py(15):                 'name': name,
execution_path.py(16):                 'position': position,
execution_path.py(17):                 'department': department,
execution_path.py(18):                 'salary': salary
execution_path.py(14):             self.employees[employee_id] = {
execution_path.py(20):             return True
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: add_employee
execution_path.py(11):         if employee_id in self.employees:
execution_path.py(15):                 'name': name,
execution_path.py(16):                 'position': position,
execution_path.py(17):                 'department': department,
execution_path.py(18):                 'salary': salary
execution_path.py(14):             self.employees[employee_id] = {
execution_path.py(20):             return True
 --- modulename: execution_path, funcname: add_employee
execution_path.py(11):         if employee_id in self.employees:
execution_path.py(12):             return False
